hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
thriller film titled flu
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the movie begins in hong kong where
there are illegal immigrants in a tight
shipping container which is about to be
smuggled toward south korea as the
shipping container is about to leave a
man is coughing and seems to be sick
however the operating worker disregards
the sick man and lets the shipping
container leave
meanwhile in bundang south korea there
is a beautiful woman in a car about to
fall into a deep hole the beautiful
woman is a doctor named in hey and her
rescuer is jibu
as the car is about to fall jaguar needs
to remove in hey from the car to save
her life
however as in hey is being removed from
the car her skirt rips off exposing her
legs which makes her refuse to be
rescued
to convince inhae to be rescued jagu
lends his shirt to cover her legs then
as in hey is covering her legs with the
shirt jagua observes the car is about to
fall which makes him immediately remove
inhale from the car before it falls
in the end the rescue operation is
successful
later that day inhale meets jagua in the
deep hole where the car falls
she returns to goose shirt and asks a
favor to get the bag back in the fallen
car since it is pretty important but
jagu refuses to do as requested by
inhabe and explains that his job does
not include rescuing personal things
meanwhile the shipping container
carrying illegal immigrants is already
at bundong and the smugglers vyonki and
his brother boomwoo go there to pick up
the illegal immigrants
as they open the shipping container the
filthy fluid and smell go out they point
the flashlight inside the shipping
container revealing the dead bodies of
the illegal immigrants
shortly after bueng wu takes footage of
the dead bodies to show it to their boss
suddenly there is a survivor named masai
who crawls towards them asking for help
messiah proceeds to tell the smugglers
everyone in the shipping container is
dead
after that day the smugglers bring
messiah to a rest area where there are a
lot of people
as bjeong ki goes to buy something a
police car parks beside their vehicle
so byung ki immediately rushes towards
their vehicle and tells byung-wu to
leave
however jung-woo seems to be severely
sick
at the same time masai gets out of the
vehicle and runs away
gunki seeing masai run away tries to
chase him but masai successfully escapes
later the smugglers head towards a
pharmacy to buy medicine since bung wu's
sickness worsens as bjorn wu is buying
medicine he continues to cough spreading
the virus to anyone in the pharmacy
in the next scene in hayes in a
conference with the doctors
she informs dr yang a senior doctor that
the research is left in the fallen car
in the deep hole the teacher named jung
reprimands inhae for losing their
research
meanwhile jagu goes into the deep hole
where the car falls to get ea's bag with
the help of his friend kyung yubi in the
end jagu successfully gets inhae's bag
from the deep hole
later as kyung yubi checks the thing
inside inhae's bag he sees a phone
niru the child of inhe is on the phone
jagu grabs the phone and answers the
call talking to meeru after that jagu
meets mirou in the park
there jagu introduces himself as a
rescuer to meru to enlighten miro about
his job togu explains to her that
rescuers go to save a life of people in
danger for free in contrast to the
doctors who get paid for saving lives in
the hospital
after knowing jagu miro asks for the bag
of her mother and leaves
meanwhile the virus from the shipping
container is rapidly spreading in the
city in transportation in school an
infected person coughs and exposes
everyone to the virus
at the same time bingwoo's sickness
seems to worsen as he coughs with blood
and he immediately brings beyond ki to
the hospital
after that inha receives a call from the
hospital in a happily says she already
got the research from the bag however
the hospital staff stops her and
immediately tells her that there is an
emergency situation in the hospital
then inhale immediately rushes towards
the hospital
shortly after in the hospital the
doctors are having an operation on
bung-woo
then inhale arrives at the operating
room checking the condition of jung-woo
upon checking the condition of
inhe sees the things of
in a plastic bag in the plastic bag in
hey finds a phone where she sees the
footage of the shipping container with
dead bodies after that in hey shows the
footage to her fellow doctors dr yang
concludes that the virus came from the
dead bodies of the shipping container as
a response inhabe tells dr yang the
virus that infected bung-wu is a
possible first avian flu in south korea
and to confirm that they need to find
the shipping container to have a test
meanwhile while wandering alone niru
encounters masai who is infected by the
virus from the shipping container masai
tells meeru to go away since the virus
can be transmitted to her
however meru keeps following aside to
give him food then meru tells maasai to
stay put in wait as she asks for help
shortly after meeru together with jagu
returns but messiah is not there
at the same time the doctors and the
congressmen are having a meeting
regarding the virus in the meeting dr
yang tells them that the virus from the
shipping container is a possible mutated
avian flu and a harbinger of a pandemic
so dr yang suggested to lock down
bundong the congressman seems not to
believe dr yang and as a response the
politician mocks and laughs at the
suggestion
as dr yang and the congressman argue
with each other the virus keeps
spreading and the hospitals are getting
filled by infected people
also infected people keep falling to the
ground and as a result bundong is in a
big chaos the doctors and the
congressmen in the meeting witness the
chaos as they look outside through the
window this makes them decide to leave
bundong
as the doctors and politicians are about
to leave through the helicopters ninhey
tells the doctor she needs to stay to
get her daughter first then dr yang
allows inhale to get her daughter and
assures her a way to leave the city
shortly after the doctors and
politicians arrive in seoul and meet the
prime minister and the president they
discuss the possible actions to take
concerning the rapid spread of the virus
then the prime minister declares to lock
down bundong while dr yang proceeds to
inform the people about the virus and
its consequences
as a result the people of bandang panics
meanwhile inhe tries to get miro
however dugu loses meru in the
supermarket where there is a crowd of
panic buyers
so in hey and jagua together search miro
in the crowd and are able to find her
crying in the midst of the crowd
after that and hey having the capacity
to leave the city despite the lockdown
tries to ask jaguar to leave with her
however jagu refuses and tells in hey
that he needs to perform his duty as a
rescuer
later in hey and meru are in the airport
trying to leave the city however meru is
sick which makes the officers refuse
them to leave
unable to leave and hey and mirror are
forced to go to the quarantine facility
since the government forces everyone to
go to the quarantine facility on the bus
towards the quarantine facility in hey
calls dr yang who tells her there is a
way to leave the city she just needs to
introduce herself in the quarantine
facility as a doctor
while in the call in hey sees a mother
and a child who appears to be a
reflection of her in meru the reflection
portrays the privilege of in hey over
the other people who have the same
situation as her
meanwhile in the headquarters of the
politicians and doctors who handle the
pandemic foreign doctors instruct that
in the quarantine facility people will
be tested and after the result is taken
the infected people will be segregated
from the uninfected ones
dr yang tells the foreign doctor that
cramming the people in the quarantine
facility leads more infection
on the other side the politicians
disregard and stop dr yang and proceed
to talk about censorship of the internet
to stop the spread of rumors the
indifference of the politicians to the
suggestions of dr yang shows the
intervention of the political power and
interests of the politicians in times of
medical crisis
later in the quarantine facility the
staff do not recognize inha as a doctor
which makes her and miro unable to leave
in the testing area inhale observes that
miro has the symptoms which means meru
can be separated from her
to avoid separation inhibits miro from
the inspection staff
later in the quarantine tent in hey
hears the scream of a mother being
separated from her child which reflects
the possible situation if neru's
sickness gets caught by the staff
later that day jaguar offers food to
inhay where he is able to see meru is
sick as a result chigu questions the
actions of inhe asserting that people in
the uninfected area can be infected by
miro
at this moment the self-interest of inha
as a mother stands over the welfare of
other people around her so she decides
to keep miro
meanwhile masai who survives the virus
and contains the antibody for a possible
vaccine is in the crowded infected zone
of the quarantine facility as the
government gives an order to find
messiah for his antibody a soldier finds
him in the quarantine facility
after that the doctors call in hey to
get the possible antibody for messiah
later in a medical tent in hay
successfully extracted the antibody from
masai which can cure the infection of
the virus later that day as in hey tries
to sneak meru from the quarantine
facility the staff tries to find miro
through a number 2066 knowing it is
infected
however jigu having concern for inhe and
miro presents himself as number 2066
as a result the staff brings jiggu to
the infected zone instead of meru
but jungkook comes to jaguar to let him
out of the infected zone with an id
meanwhile inhe sneaks miro to the
medical tent that keeps messiah even
though there is no permission inha gets
the antibody from the blood of masai to
cure meru as in hey injects the antibody
to meru the soldiers arrive trying to
open the door to stop inhale which puts
everything in suspense
shortly after the soldiers are able to
open the door and put asleep and meru is
separated from her
after that in the infected zone jugusi
soldiers bring a body of a young girl
and he suspects that his mirror then on
the ground jugu sees a headband of meru
confirming that the young girl is meru
immediately chigu follows the soldiers
bringing miro as he follows them a large
hall with piles of severely sick people
appears in front of him the air jugu
sees that even the people who are not
dead yet are already placed in the body
bags then jagu proceeds to find meru and
goes upstairs
there jagu witnesses a gruesome scene
that is a large crane bringing the pile
of bodies towards the center of a big
stadium where the pile of bodies is set
on fire
as he witnesses the scene he is
astonished by how gruesome the scene is
moreover he feels more desperate when
realizing the possibility that the
innocent miro is among the pile of
bodies
meanwhile nha is also in the infected
zone trying to find her daughter miro
there in hey sees once again a scene
that reflects her in mirror that is a
dying mother and a child
now in hey witnesses the gruesome
situation in the infected zone she gets
emotional she tries to find miro
at the same time jaguar in the pile of
bodies hears the sound of miro's phone
then jagu follows the sound and finds
miro alive in a body bag and is about to
be set on fire
meanwhile a young soldier sees her
mother in the infected zone as a result
the young soldier bursts into tears and
anger then the young soldier tells the
people in the quarantine facility about
the gruesome situation in the infected
zone which immediately causes the people
to have an uprising against the guards
this causes the doctors to evacuate
masai from the quarantine facility to
preserve the antibody with an ambulance
then in the infected zone in hay is also
getting evacuated together with the
doctors but she refuses to do so since
she needs to find miro first
however
stabs messiah and dr young which forces
inha to evacuate with them
at the same time jagu holding miro sees
in hay in the ambulance and tries to
chase them in the end jagu fails to
chase the ambulance and as a result he
is trapped in the city together with
meru
in the headquarters the president and
the officials witness the utmost chaos
in the city there the president tells
the officials to wait for the antibody
so they can calm the agitating
population
however as the ambulance arrives in
seoul masai dies which means the
antibody is gone shortly after the
officials at the headquarters receive
the news that the antibody is gone which
forces them to take action on the
agitating population of bandung who
tries to cross the border towards seoul
the prime minister grants permission to
shoot the people who try to cross the
border then the military fires at the
civilians on the border and as a result
the president bursts into anger at the
officials
meanwhile jaguar holding miro is in the
midst of the shootout and inhe rushes
towards the border to get miro
then jagu brings miro in cover to help
other people but nero stops him from
leaving however jiggy once again
explains to meeru his duty as a rescuer
that is to help other people shortly
after an infected man who knows meru has
an antibody sees meru alone so he brings
muru to a tent and tries to get an
antibody from her
however kyung yubi comes to the tent and
sees meru and he tries to stop the
infected man by pointing a gun but the
infected man is able to fight back and
puts kyung yubi to the ground shortly
after while searching for meru jagu
shows up and fights the infected man to
help his friend then in the fight the
infected man is able to strangle jugu
immediately the friend helps jagu to
break free
in the end jagua is able to kill the
infected man
at the same time inha arrives at the
border and talks to the presidents she
tells the president that meru has a
possible antibody and asks for
permission to get meru in order to make
inha get her daughter the president
orders the military to cease fire
however schneider an international
officer proceeds to order the military
to kill everyone who tries to cross the
border
shortly after on the border meru and
inha see each other and run towards each
other as meru tries to cross the border
everyone is left in suspense over
whether the military is going to shoot
meru an innocent child this particular
scene is breathtaking and puts
everything in slow motion
then the captain points a gun at the
hesitating soldier which makes the
soldier shoot miro but jagu immediately
saves miro and inhe gets shot in the
shoulder in the end inhe gets emotional
as she hugs meru
the movie ends with a suspenseful
confrontation between the president and
schneider whereas schneider orders the
american military to bomb the people of
bandung
then as a response president stands his
ground to protect the people of bandung
and orders the south korean military to
fire missiles at the bombers
this makes shiter cancel the order to
bomb the people of bandong
in the end meru is alive and carries an
antibody which cures the infected
citizens of bandung and ends the
pandemic
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out